chore(profiling): Add end of profiling beta alert (#6737)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/profiling/getting-started.mdx

description: 'Get started with Profiling, which allows you to see code-level profiling information for your Sentry apps.'
---

<Note>

> 
> The beta program for Profiling is closed. Profiles sent during this period will not appear in your dashboard if you did not participate in the beta program. Profiling will be generally available soon.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The beta program for Profiling is now closed, but Profiling will become generally available soon. If you weren't part of the beta program, any Profiles sent during this time won't appear in your dashboard.

```
